New Micro::Case::Result methods to make it quack like a hash. (#60)
serradura/u-case: README.md

- `#type` a Symbol which gives meaning for the result, this is useful to declare different types of failures or success.
- `#data` the result data itself.
- `#[]` and `#values_at` are shortcuts to access the `#data` values.

> - `#key?` returns `true` if the key is present `#data`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `#key?` returns `true` if the key is present in `#data`.
```

- `#value?` returns `true` if the given value is present in `#data`.

> - `#slice` returns a subhash of `#data` with only the given keys and their values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `#slice` returns a new `Hash` that includes only the given keys. If the given keys don't exist, return an empty hash.
```
